chore: update node.js to v20 (#30)
detra-lab/stylelint-config: .changeset/new-adults-wonder.md

---
'@detra-lab/stylelint-config': major
---

**Breaking Changes**

> This release introduces a significant breaking change as we have bumped `stylelint` to `v16` and we have added the support for `node.js v20 LTS` and deprecated the `v16`.

Reviewer: A more synthetic version could be:

```suggestion
In this release, we have added support for Stylelint version 16. We have also dropped support for Node v16, in line with Stylelint.
```
